Gwenevere Abriel: Check, check, check, check, check. Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you hear me.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah I press the wrong button I bad
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's see. All right. Um, you are. Yeah, we got good video. We got good audio. Are you feeling kind of toasty. Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: It's actually, it's pretty hot in my apartment. I have the air conditioner on but it's too loud when I'm doing this.
Nicole Roybal: Right into my apartment, the morning or late afternoon. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let me take a second and open up a note.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you in a place where you and I could
Gwenevere Abriel: You're alone in a room. Are you are you at boyfriend's house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How's your ear.
Nicole Roybal: Actually yesterday. So remember when I said like when you do this.
Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: Can you hear you can hear the air by going in and out.
Nicole Roybal: Looking like you know I'm talking about when you push on your Aaron is here that sound.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep.
Nicole Roybal: Like just, yeah. So on this side. I haven't been able to hear nothing but now I'm actually hearing the air going in and out.
Nicole Roybal: And when I'm in the car when I was when I was with my mom I'm doing my grandma's house yesterday. I could hear my voice like kind of like, like when when a speaker is blowing up right
Nicole Roybal: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: That's the my ears doing but with my voice I'm voice. I was into it and it just, I can hear it, like I'm making like a weird like scratching loans. I think I mean price hearings coming back. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: She know what's interesting, you know how I have a I'm always Flipping my head upside down.
Gwenevere Abriel: So every time I do that that is the sound I'm hearing my own voice in both ears echoing around. That's why I clear it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so that's why, that's why I do it because it's like
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't, I can't keep talking because it's it's like it's like an amplifier.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's so weird anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is that, yeah.
Nicole Roybal: Like I don't like that.
Nicole Roybal: Means I first got here and all that. What is that, and
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, yeah. It's like I'm starting to hear a little bit more now. Everything sounds like muffled but a little bit less muffled I actually understand the voice is a little bit more so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm optimistic. I'm glad you're feeling that was definitely
Gwenevere Abriel: Need to hear. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, right. So I'm going to take a little peek at what we had started to look at last time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: This week has been busy with the IRS. I need to get my IP and number my identity. It got stolen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Takes 2021 days for them to send it to the mail, because you want to get your stimulus check
Nicole Roybal: Annoyed I did get the stimulus trip, but I need that file my taxes.
Gwenevere Abriel: To follow taxes and are you, do you have your IP and number that you needed
Nicole Roybal: No, I'm waiting to get in the mail.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the mail. Okay, waiting. The 21 days.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I keep him. That's it. I keep
Gwenevere Abriel: And so let me make a little note on how many milligrams of the gamma pen. You're at 1000 or 900 today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you're making progress, girl.
Nicole Roybal: You know, um, the other night though.
Nicole Roybal: before last. Yeah, I saw, I forgot to take my last dose of the gavel tension at the end of the night. And so I woke up like at
Nicole Roybal: 330 and I took the orange movements like a 300 300 400 400 and then I woke up around like five and I wasn't feeling like I need to throw up.
Nicole Roybal: Like just holding it in and then my boyfriend gets in the shower at six, and I don't know. I stood up.
Nicole Roybal: To get some water and I drink the water and also have to run to the toilet and I threw up. And I felt fine I felt completely fine all night. But then I took together Penton and then I threw up. And I don't know, I feel like it keeps correlating with
Gwenevere Abriel: Me to I have a feeling when you're tapering off this stuff. We're going to be saying goodbye. I have one other client that
Gwenevere Abriel: He complains of
Gwenevere Abriel: Stomach cramping and he describes it as stomach pain. Now, maybe it's the same experience for you to or each of you have different things, but he's wondering too if its associated with together pen.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when he takes less of it. He notices. He's having less of the stomach cramping and he's calling it cramping, but every body is different.
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe you experience a najah
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm wondering as you as you move down on these, these numbers if it's going to start to get better and better for you. I really hope it will be
Nicole Roybal: Well, now that I've been learning now that I'm gone 2000 I haven't been showing up every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Good, good. Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: Just like
Nicole Roybal: Like sometimes I'll forget in the morning, and I'll take 600 like at four o'clock or something and then I'll take the other 400 later on and too much.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna look it up. I want to see what what are the if
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me speak.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kappa can
Gwenevere Abriel: Withdrawal symptoms vary look this up.
Nicole Roybal: Know, just looking at the bottle. It says me cause Disney World Vision.
Gwenevere Abriel: Neuron okay so we got common brand, blah, blah, blah. What is it,
Gwenevere Abriel: Kevin paint withdrawal symptoms me see we've got
Gwenevere Abriel: The symptoms of galloping withdrawal include irritability, anxiety, agitation restlessness excessive sweating sensitivity to light a headache.
Gwenevere Abriel: Confusion disoriented, disorientation fever hallucinations rapid heart rate and heart palpitation interesting catatonia inability to move status EPA
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a condition where so you're now. Okay. But this is hold on both those who abused are known to both those who take it as prescribed can experience some form of withdrawal. When the drug is stopped. Research shows that someone taking Gabba pins for as little as three weeks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and at doses as low as 400 milligrams a day may experience withdraw. So this um it's good that you're tapering. It sounds like this. Could this could be problematic. So I'm glad you're going nice and slow with your taper.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let me see the amount of time it takes to detox and the severity of symptoms associated with Gary Payton withdrawal depends on various factors include the period of time person takes it the dose presence of medical and psychological diagnosis that may complicate the detox.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on, let me see.
Gwenevere Abriel: A person who stuffing and you have a pen or Neurontin can experience withdrawal symptoms within 48 hours 12 to 48 hours. So it happens pretty quickly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yeah, yeah. Because it looks like it says, anxiety, heart palpitations headache sweating seizures handed body tremors. So we don't want you to taper. We don't want you to abruptly stopped because I would much you have a seizure. That would that's unacceptable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Restless if you are traveling
Gwenevere Abriel: Increase confusion light sensitivity post acute withdrawal. What are the long term effects of taking it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Treatment impatient de de de de de de
Gwenevere Abriel: Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. I okay, this isn't a great site. I was hoping for. I wanted, I wanted to hear. Like how, what is the reference standard of how fast you can take taper down. That's what I had wondered
Gwenevere Abriel: Because your Doc is saying 100 milligrams every week. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Every week 100 down
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, I'm not finding anything to score here, we'll do that another time. Oh wait, let me just see this. This is cold turkey. Want to see what they say.
Gwenevere Abriel: Drugs prescribed more often, it's more off label uses doctors use it for this. They use it for that abuse of it. I didn't even know that was a substance, it could be abused. Honestly, it doesn't give you 40 it doesn't
Nicole Roybal: Know, so my acting weird when I first started taking it sometimes like old days when I was at like the higher doses taking 600 milligrams at night sometimes I'd wake up. I'd be sitting up in the bed and like I don't know me and my dad have this weird thing.
Nicole Roybal: Where the typical
Nicole Roybal: Arm your sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: baby sitter.
Nicole Roybal: Typically, my own arm just sitting there. Sleep sitting up and I'd wake up and I think with that, however, my boyfriend would wake me up from today. What's wrong with you why you're asking so weird.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I remember, I remember it actually
Nicole Roybal: So I guess yeah you for you and I have like had a history of sleepwalking. When I was young.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I do see one one website is saying there are common uncomfortable withdrawal symptoms associated Gabba pen and they are anxiety trouble falling or staying asleep nausea and vomiting physical pain and sweating.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you got it sounds like you just got the knowledge of thing and bites.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Whoa, yo. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what persevere, you're going to get through this. You're going in the right direction and and you're not drinking
Yeah, I know.
Nicole Roybal: It gets me mad that he slips because it reminds me of the withdrawal from the
Nicole Roybal: Weight sledding. Every time I get hot. I believe it's just like hot like all I get like a hot flash because it's hot and my body tells me oh you're having a hot flash
Nicole Roybal: I don't know, it's weird. My mind is just sets. I try to change it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But look, look at how close you are okay so let's just look at this, let's let me look at a calendar and see because
Gwenevere Abriel: That was 600 milligrams. I'm so sorry. So he said next week we're at 9876432 100 into June 30 to June 30
Gwenevere Abriel: See, you got you can do this. You can do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's may
Nicole Roybal: Really know I know I was just thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: I know that's what's weird. It feels like it's still New Years.
Nicole Roybal: went by, like, nothing like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: In us. Okay, you're going to be at. You just keep persevering.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me a little bit about you. Let me see something. Let me just see. We talked about right in the end it was first step is to call
Gwenevere Abriel: You spend on your mind to call the Blue Cross and ask about the application process and the requirements to be an official caregiver. Have you given that plan up for now.
Nicole Roybal: I'm not. I haven't given it up.
Nicole Roybal: Well, I guess I kind of have, you know, I have still been going to my grandparents house.
Nicole Roybal: But just like my mom's been taking in stuff so I don't feel like that's fair when she's going to, and then I'm going to get paid for it, but also like that would take the bus. Very good.
Gwenevere Abriel: I thought you wanted to earn a living doing caregiving
Nicole Roybal: To take care of my grandparents, I said.
Gwenevere Abriel: Only only grandparents.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Nicole Roybal: What other people's I've had. I don't know because majority of the time you need to have a card or take them to appointments or get their prescriptions and stuff and I don't
Okay.
Nicole Roybal: But I mean, it's not like I don't know I don't know I have. I always like think I want to do things. And I don't know, I always go back on it, I don't know what
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so let's let's spend some time talking about that that feature right there for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Call primary care to speak about did you did that part you checked on the ear, you had called a nurse practitioner. I think you were able to talk with someone in the office. That said, just wait it out.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why I gotta write stuff down. It's too stressful. I got it, we got it. Nobody can remember this stuff when we're stressed out just pandemics messing with everybody's memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: List.
Gwenevere Abriel: List, list list.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK. And then let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: I did not realize how laughing at my drawing. Oh, he laughed at your drawing realize I feel like I'm 13 again when he downgrades me and get pissed off started getting anxiety attacks get hot.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I was at that age noticing it started happening again. A year ago, every time he would get on me. I would, I couldn't breathe. How do you go out of the room, I go back to my teenage self to where I don't know how to handle it. It's so hard and it hurts role play therapist.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, oh yeah, oh, you're talking about some real tender memories there at age 13
Gwenevere Abriel: After we met last week. Did you notice anything kind of change in how you're interacting with your dad. Did you notice anything
Nicole Roybal: Know haven't really been over there.
Nicole Roybal: My little sister had got her throat was messing with her and her noted got all swollen.
Nicole Roybal: Oil don't want to go.
Nicole Roybal: away for a while.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: Well, I guess I go to work with him every Sunday, and he's actually been being super nice to me like I know we both been actually getting along, really good.
Nicole Roybal: That's probably because he Gilbert work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe. So for a second. Do you still have that drawing to win. You and I did. Let's take a peek at that
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so no alcohol.
Gwenevere Abriel: House.
Gwenevere Abriel: Future.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's dead and there's no debt in the future either. I'm noticing there's there's this piece so
Gwenevere Abriel: Nicole.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think it was a matter of not wanting to do it not remembering to do it, not understanding the reasoning for doing it around calling around your student loan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which do you think that is
Nicole Roybal: Why I haven't done it.
Uh huh.
Nicole Roybal: I don't know. I guess it just makes me nervous.
Nicole Roybal: I don't want to call and then I just fall for everything they say again, and like I tried to understand chat in the chat. I still don't get it. Okay. Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: Because yeah I don't like to ask, like, three times a little bit. I still don't get I still get it members like I'm just like, Well, you're not explaining it right. I don't want, I doubt that will happen, but I don't want it to happen and I just don't want to feel stupid.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I get it.
Nicole Roybal: But they did call me on my other phone and I got a voicemail from them. I need to call them.
Gwenevere Abriel: They called you out of the blue, are you
Nicole Roybal: They called me out of the blue on the other phone because I haven't. It doesn't work. So I haven't been answering any calls and I check my voicemail. I like 16 voicemail and children work from the i i on tuition place or something. But I have the number and everything. I just got a call.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's look at this together.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is just random I
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't look at this before. I'm sitting with you now. But let's look at it together. Do you see it here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what is student loan deferment so in this in this it says a student loan to firm. It lets you stop making payments on your loan or reduce the amount you pay for up to whatever amount of years in most cases interest and, you know, an interest is
Nicole Roybal: Just like money on top of it.
Nicole Roybal: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you have interest on thing when you borrow money from a bank, you're thinking to yourself, Well, why would a bank lend me money. They're making interest. So they charged me
Gwenevere Abriel: 3% 7% that's why banks make money, they charge us interest. So on a home loan, a car loan. It makes sense now. Well, what's my interest. WELL, I WANT TO LOW INTEREST. What does the bank. Want a high one they want to make money off of you by lending you money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's what interest is
Gwenevere Abriel: If we do okay interest on subsidized so this word subsidized you probably don't know which we're going to get down so
Nicole Roybal: Many times I never good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's okay, so it's it's down here um subsidized is probably, I think we can think about. We can look it up, but I'm pretty sure my interpretation is that the government basically is lending you the money.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we'll come back to that in a second. So up here. We've got interest with you now know, let's just say this is government on loan, like you're like a Sallie Mae
Gwenevere Abriel: Or Bernie Mac loan, there's certain, there's a couple of them that our government sort of backs, which is good. It's a good thing that our government backs that loan because that's a good thing. So interest in subsidized deferred loans does not accrue
Gwenevere Abriel: So you would want to know when you were looking at your paperwork, you would want to look at the different categories of whether it is subsidized
Gwenevere Abriel: Or it Perkins loan. I know it's a weird thing but they just have a name, there's
Nicole Roybal: No, I, I have one that's subsidized and I have one.
Gwenevere Abriel: There you go. See, you do know. So here's what will happen. Watch that unsubsidised portion, sometimes there's a portion that is an a portion that isn't so the part that's not subsidized
Gwenevere Abriel: That's here interest on unsubsidized loans, if they're in forbearance.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does a crew and is capitalized and added to the amount
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's why you keep hearing me say let's talk to them. Let's talk to, let's talk to him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not because you have to turn around and pay him, but because you're the one that's going to possibly owe money. And wouldn't you want to know, because you have it in your head, and I hope you're right that you will. Oh, nothing, but I've never heard of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Nicole Roybal: When I whenever I did like go on the website last
Gwenevere Abriel: Time I did, I
Nicole Roybal: Don't remember what it was. I do remember seeing one wasn't forbearance and one was in
Gwenevere Abriel: There you go. So interest on and subs. Yeah. So that might be what's happening. So there's a portion of it that is in forbearance.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which means it puts a pin in you're having to make a payment, but it looks it does accrue interest.
Nicole Roybal: Right. Probably she said it doesn't for both me. That's why they're calling me
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know, both deferment and forbearance are considered temporary. Now you see why I'm saying what I am their temporary
Gwenevere Abriel: If you foresee that you'll be unable to resume your student loan payments in three years or less, you should consider
Gwenevere Abriel: Another approach. Okay. Let's keep reading. So key takeaways. What to kind of take away from this student loan deferment lets you stop making payments on your loan for up to three years. It does not forgive the loan.
Gwenevere Abriel: You must apply and qualify for deferment unless you are enrolled in school, at least half time
Gwenevere Abriel: So you may, so hold on to this information when it come back to this one. Okay, let's go down here interest and on subsidized that's the one that's probably covered by our government back by our government
Gwenevere Abriel: Does not accrued during the deferment Yay, that's a plus. We like that one. We love that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Interest on unsubsidized loans does accrued during deferment and is added to your loan at the end of the deferred payment.
Gwenevere Abriel: deferment on private student loans varies by lender. So that's like if you went directly to a bank and said, You know, I need an extra 15,000 for books and a place to live, blah, blah, blah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So deciding to defer when deciding whether to pursue a student loan deferment you should ask yourself the following questions are my loan subsidized or Perkins lungs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because those interest on those types of LUNGS, DO NOT accrued during the deferment period. But here's the thing. How many years was your deferment period. Maybe it's over. Maybe that's why they're calling. I don't know.
Nicole Roybal: Johnny
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, if your loans are unsubsidized or private interest will likely accrue unless you pay it while in. So for some people, they're still sending in money, even though it's not the full payment, they're paying the interest. I know that sounds insane.
Gwenevere Abriel: But they're not paying. Do you know what the word principle is
Nicole Roybal: No use it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's not the one. It's not the one at your school, it's
Nicole Roybal: NOT REALIZE, LIKE HAVING principles like having your own
Gwenevere Abriel: Know there's three now. So there's you just did morals. You did one for morals. It's not that one either.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's three there's might even be more I know three ways to use the word principal there's that principal's office at school. There's a, you do have morals and principle principles and values. And then there's this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: The principle is if my house was $100,000 and I have an interest rate of 5% when I send my money in every month to make a payment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some part of it goes to paying down my hundred thousand dollar principle means the main loan amount
Gwenevere Abriel: Which was how much $100,000 and another part of my payment. Let's say I'm sending in $500 maybe 300 of it will go to my principal balance that's a primary balance and then 200 of it will go to interest. And so it takes 30 years to pay this loan on
Nicole Roybal: What part of the house.
Gwenevere Abriel: The principal. So when you see in writing.
The money.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So now, so you've got three that same word has a lot of
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of meanings in English language, it messes with your head. It's like, which one is it but that's what that means.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you really everybody wants a really low interest rate so that all their money that they're sending in to a mortgage or to a car loan goes to paying down the principal, which is the actual cost of the item.
Nicole Roybal: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, listen. Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: You got this is going on. It's not like you're not thinking about it isn't making it stop, it's still happening. It's just that you may not know what's going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have faced more
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, but that's that's the mind, that's the mind of a sort of our child like self. That's the mind of the denial, the addict being an adult, where we have to look at difficult choices. It does take
Gwenevere Abriel: It takes the toughness that you're feeling right now. Oh snap, I gotta get my head out of the sand. I don't want to do that. I don't want to think about that.
Nicole Roybal: Go do it like this. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: But guess what, Nicole.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if it means that you caught it.
Gwenevere Abriel: This month, or may
Gwenevere Abriel: And instead of waiting three years. What if you caught it and you saved thousands of dollars.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at it like that, like, oh, hey, if I hadn't talked to one about it, maybe I would have really screwed myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or maybe I'll prove when wrong and it's all subsidized and I don't have to worry about it. Maybe it'll mean you'll be motivated to register for school at least half time. I don't know what the outcome is going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll see.
Nicole Roybal: We're good at half full. Not half empty.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Might as well.
Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You said you did it in January.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you ever see any of these words like a Stafford Loan or Perkins loan.
Nicole Roybal: Yes, seen those words. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or yes, I
Nicole Roybal: Like the internet right now so I can log in and show you all the stuff, but I could
Nicole Roybal: I could go to it after we're done, and take screenshots and show you what like it says
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay to
Nicole Roybal: Sure you can help me figure
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, why don't we do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you log out. Take a picture of one that you really are most confused about. And we'll take a look at it together.
Nicole Roybal: Okay, give me like five minutes.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I just got it literally as he said that this is all it basically said open
Nicole Roybal: From March timber of this year because the other thing going on. But then it said the daily interest a crewman is $1 something a day or something. I'm looking at the picture. I don't know.
Nicole Roybal: website to get more
Gwenevere Abriel: Opening it now. I'm actually just trying to drop it in somewhere so I can look at. Okay, here we go. Now I've got it somewhere that we can look at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at it here.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll do this. So with passage of the cares act the interest rate on all federal student loans owned by the Department of Education.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is reduced reduced to zero between
Gwenevere Abriel: March.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. Follow our blog for daily updates or reach out to a concierge advisor. If you have any questions. So you have this, the average interest rate is 4.5 4.4 or five current monthly payment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is supposed to be 101. Do you remember you used to make that payment.
Nicole Roybal: Know, um,
Nicole Roybal: They had me paying whenever I was in school me paying $80
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. Or
Nicole Roybal: Whatever I could pay. Honestly, but I would usually pay 40 to 80
Nicole Roybal: Every month but it didn't matter when I was going to school, like it was like, there's like a different payment separate from the student loan like this actual student loan payment.
Nicole Roybal: Not fair like that, you're not gonna have to pay until after you graduate. Once you're going to draw will take it out of that money from your job.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Notice how on that other website that we were looking at debt. There's a deferment while you're at least in class part time. Do you remember seeing that
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so that's that may be what they were talking about this isn't a. This isn't a lot of information.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would want to get on the phone with them. So these are the things I would be asking, I would say, ma'am.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't see the status of my loan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you can't you can't see that it's in deferment I can't sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Nicole Roybal: Might be another website. I have to go to sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'd say, I can't see if I'm in deferment I can't see if I'm in forbearance and when those end. I'd also like to know if it's accruing if there is an my on subsidized portion is accruing interest and at what rate.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if I were back enrolled in school, could I postpone again making a payment.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I like to stay on top of this, but at the same time. I'm not earning a living right now. And so let's talk about how I can both make sure this doesn't be this loan doesn't get so big that I can't pay it back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because if I understood if I look at this, then I'm like, oh, I'm paying whatever 3030 days in a month. Let me grab my calendar no 30 times
Gwenevere Abriel: 1.22 equals 36 I'm accruing $36 a month to my debt. The way I read this.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not a bad interest rate, by the way.
Gwenevere Abriel: If that's true, and it looks like the government has helped out during this crisis and they're
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not getting charged and interest rate during March through September. So you're having because of the epidemic. I'm guessing that's what this is. This is probably a brand new piece of information.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd be curious. I'm gonna I'm gonna check on that myself actually
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Nicole Roybal: I go back to school how accruing $36 a month.
Nicole Roybal: What did you say
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's what, here's what I would do. Nicole, I would say I was very nice to them. I say thank you for taking time and talking with me. I want to stay on top of my loan, please tell me how much
Gwenevere Abriel: Is subsidized and under, under what is it eight Perkins. What's the name of it, please. Is it Perkins is it
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the who's my lender whose is it. Is this a federally funded loan. So there's going to be a BB to portion. So how much of it is subsidized and thank you, man. Thank you for that number and how much is unsubsidized and who's my lender.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they can say, I don't know. I don't know. I say, well, who might know that and then maybe you won't get far enough, and maybe there'll be there'll be like, I can't tell you because people bank sell loans. I know this is craziness, but
Gwenevere Abriel: They might sell your bank three different they might sell your loan three different three different lenders or 10 different lenders, so it moves around. It's weird. Yeah, it's good creepy.
Gwenevere Abriel: But anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got six minutes here. So those would be my first two minutes. How much of this is subsidized how much is unsubsidised
Gwenevere Abriel: Am I in a deferment. Am I in forbearance.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm in deferment great for when does it end. Oh, I'm in forbearance. Oh great, when does it end. Do you see those are. I don't know what they're going to say, so I don't. But either way, I'm going to say, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the duration of that. Okay, thank you, sir, ma'am. What if I enrolled in school part time, can I extend my deferment thank you ma'am, can I extend my forbearance. How many credits. Do I need to have. Do I need to be making
Gwenevere Abriel: An interest only payment. I don't want this to go out of control. You get all of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then at the end, you may decide to clarify your original information which was ma'am, sir.
Gwenevere Abriel: I left my last conversation thinking I never had to pay this loan back
Gwenevere Abriel: Would your office ever say that to anyone under what circumstances. I wonder how I came to that reasoning. I wonder how I came to that conclusion and they might tell you I honest to god don't know. I don't know. But I'd ask
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you left can call
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, because you left thinking I went to school and I have to pay back
Nicole Roybal: Not exactly. But yeah, kinda.
Nicole Roybal: Be that much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you go to school thinking you're going to pay back your loan when you left to call the last time you talked with them.
Nicole Roybal: Well, I had to get a job and the job to pay it off and there's little bit out of my checks every month, but I didn't get a job.
Nicole Roybal: And I'm painting it
Gwenevere Abriel: I've never heard of that, where the job you talking about the employer. So if you work for me. I pay for your student loan or it's automatically withdrawn like taxes from your check
Nicole Roybal: Exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you're paying you're paying for it. You're with
Gwenevere Abriel: Your pan. Got it. Yeah.
But now,
Nicole Roybal: Okay, what is it that they're going to like give me a job and that job, like most students, keep the job that they give them for like their externship and
Nicole Roybal: They sent me to like worst places like the worst people. So I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, those are very much side issues, but you're not working. And so let's let me check in with you. I only have a couple minutes before this group starts. But I want to ask you something, Nicole. How are you, how are you, how are you doing with what we just did.
Nicole Roybal: Okay.
Nicole Roybal: It's been
Gwenevere Abriel: Cool, right now, with no this exercise. What was this like
Nicole Roybal: Honestly, I feel a lot better. I got a lot more information. And now I actually feel a little bit more confident to talk to them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Nicole Roybal: Now I know what to ask what to say.
Nicole Roybal: How to say without sounding stupid.
Nicole Roybal: Like I wasn't sure how to word anything, you know. Now I know some of the words so
Nicole Roybal: It definitely helped a lot with the confidence. Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's outside of I've been doing this recently with so I clients and it's way outside a typical what I was trained to do
Gwenevere Abriel: But I've been watching you guys and a lot of you don't have that sort of upbringing, where this is what a parent should be doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so what am I going to keep you know what I'm trying to say. Like if I keep sort of saying, well, that's not my role. I'm not a parent. I'm not a parent. I'm not her parent. I'm not his parent
Gwenevere Abriel: But what's happening is those parents aren't stepping up and you guys are stuck, not knowing words and not knowing stuff. So this week, especially I've been doing a lot of what you and I just did, where I just
Gwenevere Abriel: I just pull up how to get a GED. I just pull it up and let's go look at it. Let's go find out what reading comprehension really is and see if this belief about yourself is real.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because then come to find out. It's really, it's not as bad as people think our mind. Oh my gosh, she's so creative. It just thinks it's just it gets busy coming up with the worst scenarios. It's never it's never as bad once you get there.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: The words. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so the key is, even though they can come at you with more fancy talk
Gwenevere Abriel: You do have a right to say, Joe, I got to fill in a name because it works that are Joe
Gwenevere Abriel: I know you have some things you probably have a list of things that you want to cover with every color, but I'm calling to get three answers. Number one, how much do I owe that subsidized
Gwenevere Abriel: How much is unsubsidized and I want to know the interest rate. And I'd like to know when the, when that deferment
Gwenevere Abriel: Or if I'm in forbearance when that ends and I will have to start making a payment, even if it's only
Gwenevere Abriel: Interest only even if its interest only payments which means none of it goes to the principal that's that $9,000 chunk. Remember, you know, principle is the main chunk.
Gwenevere Abriel: And even if its interest only payments Joe Yeah, I know you got some really important things to share with me, but on the front end and you bulldoze
Gwenevere Abriel: You're in charge of that conversation and you're sweet and you just say, I know you want to talk about these things over here, but I've got to come away with these these answers or
Gwenevere Abriel: This this call, I end up having to call again tomorrow. So let's see if we can get, get this information. Sorry. Hold on, Joe. Hold on, I'm writing this down, hold on, please.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on, and you right. You have a right to do that. He's not the boss of you. He's just some dude that got this job that knows a few fancy words and that this isn't you know better, you
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, my dear. I gotta bounce. Okay.
Nicole Roybal: Another appointment on Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to meet Friday, May 8 at 11
Gwenevere Abriel: Same way we're doing it now. Yeah. Okay. Then I will see you then.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll message, your doctor right now that you're here. I don't know if you need medication, but I'll just message.
Nicole Roybal: See you later, I'm good, I'm good.
Okay.